I sometimes feel sad about my parents. I should perhaps tell you that my mother had the misfortune
of losing three daughters. We're back to threes. The eldest one was born in 1916, probably
died of Spanish flu in 1919. The second one died of what we now call sepsis or septicemia
at the age of two. And the third one, tragically, my mother accidentally smothered in bed. And
she was convinced that she was possessed of a dybbuk. And old Jerovich, who was very wise,
who taught me my Bible, wonderful man, he did something quite remarkable because Jews
don't believe in devils. They don't believe in exorcism. But he did. He said,
you are possessed by a dybbuk, I will remove it. And he did. I wasn't party to this. I've
only been told by Saul. And that in fact there was a whole olly-wolly-bolly and it's gone,
suddenly. And she was fine. And then she had three children who all lived reasonable lives.
Three sons.